chore: Allow multiple logging handlers of the same type (#11466)
hashgraph/hedera-services: platform-sdk/docs/base/logging/logging.md

### Handlers

To further refine our logging system, we have incorporated handlers for more granular control over logging behavior. 
Each handler can be distinctly named and configured using the prefix `logging.handler.NAME`, where `NAME` serves as a unique identifier.

> Two fields are required: `logging.handler.NAME.type`, to specify the type of the handler, and `logging.handler.NAME.enabled`, to activate or deactivate the handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two fields are required: `logging.handler.NAME.type`, to specify the type of the handler, and `logging.handler.NAME.enabled` must be set to `true` to activate the handler. The default value for all `logging.handler.NAME.enabled` properties is `false`.
```
